# \ClientLinksApiApi

All URIs are relative to *https://api.mollie.com*

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**create_client_link**](ClientLinksApiApi.md#create_client_link) | **POST** /v2/client-links | Create client link



## create_client_link

> models::ClientLinkResponse create_client_link(idempotency_key, client_link_request)
Create client link

Link a new or existing organization to your OAuth application, in effect creating a new client. The response contains a `clientLink` where you should redirect your customer to.  ## Redirecting the Customer  The `clientLink` URL behaves similarly to a standard OAuth authorization URL. Therefore, after receiving the `clientLink` URL in the API response, you need to **append the following query parameters** *before* redirecting the customer:  * `client_id` _string (required)_    The client ID you received when you registered your OAuth app. The ID starts with `app_`. For example:   `app_abc123qwerty`.  * `state` _string (required)_    A random string **generated by your app** to prevent CSRF attacks. This will be reflected in the `state` query   parameter when the user returns to the `redirect_uri` after authorizing your app.  * `scope` _string (required)_    A space-separated list of permissions ('scopes') your app requires. See the   [permissions list](https://docs.mollie.com/docs/permissions) for more information about the available   scopes.    We recommend at least : `onboarding.read onboarding.write`  * `approval_prompt` _string_    Can be set to `force` to force showing the consent screen to the merchant, *even when it is not necessary*. If you   force an approval prompt and the user creates a new authorization, previously active authorizations will be   revoked.    Possible values: `auto` `force` (default: `auto`)  ### Example of a Complete Redirect URL  After adding the above url parameter your URL will look something like this and you can redirect your client to this page:  ``` https://my.mollie.com/dashboard/client-link/{id}?client_id={your_client_id}&state={unique_state}&scope=onboarding.read%20onboarding.write ```  ## Error Handling  Error handling is also dealt with similar to the [Authorize](https://docs.mollie.com/reference/authorize) endpoint: the customer is redirected back to your app's redirect URL with the `error` and `error_description` parameters added to the URL.  > 🚧 > > A client link must be used within 30 days of creation. After that period, it will expire and you will need to create a new client link.

### Parameters


Name | Type | Description  | Required | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**idempotency_key** | Option<**String**> | A unique key to ensure idempotent requests. This key should be a UUID v4 string. |  |
**client_link_request** | Option<[**ClientLinkRequest**](ClientLinkRequest.md)> |  |  |

### Return type

[**models::ClientLinkResponse**](client-link-response.md)

### Authorization

[organizationAccessToken](../README.md#organizationAccessToken)

### HTTP request headers

- **Content-Type**: application/json
- **Accept**: application/hal+json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

