# ListEntityPaymentDetails

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**consumer_name** | Option<**String**> | The customer's name, if made available by the payment method. For card payments, refer to details.cardHolder. | [optional]
**consumer_account** | Option<**String**> | The customer's account reference.  For banking-based payment methods — such as iDEAL — this is normally either an IBAN or a domestic bank account number.  For PayPal, the account reference is an email address.  For card and Bancontact payments, refer to details.cardNumber. | [optional]
**consumer_bic** | Option<**String**> | The BIC of the customer's bank account, if applicable. | [optional]
**shipping_address** | Option<**std::collections::HashMap<String, serde_json::Value>**> | For wallet payment methods — such as Apple Pay and PayPal — the shipping address is often already known by the wallet provider. In these cases the shipping address may be available as a payment detail. | [optional]
**card_number** | Option<**String**> | For bancontact, it will be the customer's masked card number. For cards, it will be the last 4-digit of the PAN. For Point-of-sale, it will be the the last 4 digits of the customer's masked card number. | [optional]
**bank_name** | Option<**String**> | The name of the bank that the customer will need to make the bank transfer payment towards. | [optional]
**bank_account** | Option<**String**> | The bank account number the customer will need to make the bank transfer payment towards. | [optional]
**bank_bic** | Option<**String**> | The BIC of the bank the customer will need to make the bank transfer payment towards. | [optional]
**transfer_reference** | Option<**String**> | The Mollie-generated reference the customer needs to use when transfering the amount. Do not apply any formatting here; show it to the customer as-is. | [optional]
**card_fingerprint** | Option<**String**> | A unique fingerprint for a specific card. Can be used to identify returning customers.  In the case of Point-of-sale payments, it's a unique identifier assigned to a cardholder's payment account, linking multiple transactions from wallets and physical card to a single account, also across payment methods or when the card is reissued. | [optional]
**card_holder** | Option<**String**> | The customer's name as shown on their card. | [optional]
**card_audition** | Option<[**models::PaymentDetailsCardAuditionResponse**](PaymentDetailsCardAuditionResponse.md)> |  | [optional]
**card_label** | Option<[**models::PaymentDetailsCardLabelResponse**](PaymentDetailsCardLabelResponse.md)> |  | [optional]
**card_country_code** | Option<**String**> | The ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code of the country the card was issued in. | [optional]
**card_expiry_date** | Option<**String**> | The expiry date (MM/YY) of the card as displayed on the card. | [optional]
**card_funding** | Option<[**models::PaymentDetailsCardFundingResponse**](PaymentDetailsCardFundingResponse.md)> |  | [optional]
**card_security** | Option<[**models::PaymentDetailsCardSecurityResponse**](PaymentDetailsCardSecurityResponse.md)> |  | [optional]
**fee_region** | Option<[**models::PaymentDetailsFeeRegionResponse**](PaymentDetailsFeeRegionResponse.md)> |  | [optional]
**card_masked_number** | Option<**String**> | The first 6 and last 4 digits of the card number. | [optional]
**card3ds_eci** | Option<**String**> | The outcome of authentication attempted on transactions enforced by 3DS (ie valid only for oneoff and first). | [optional]
**card_bin** | Option<**String**> | The first 6 digit of the card bank identification number. | [optional]
**card_issuer** | Option<**String**> | The issuer of the Card. | [optional]
**failure_reason** | Option<[**models::PaymentDetailsFailureReasonResponse**](PaymentDetailsFailureReasonResponse.md)> |  | [optional]
**failure_message** | Option<**String**> | A human-friendly failure message that can be shown to the customer. The message is translated in accordance with the payment's locale setting. | [optional]
**wallet** | Option<[**models::PaymentDetailsWalletResponse**](PaymentDetailsWalletResponse.md)> |  | [optional]
**paypal_reference** | Option<**String**> | PayPal's reference for the payment. | [optional]
**paypal_payer_id** | Option<**String**> | ID of the customer's PayPal account. | [optional]
**seller_protection** | Option<[**models::PaymentDetailsSellerProtectionResponse**](PaymentDetailsSellerProtectionResponse.md)> |  | [optional]
**paypal_fee** | Option<[**models::AmountNullable**](AmountNullable.md)> | An amount object containing the fee PayPal will charge for this transaction. The field may be omitted if PayPal will not charge a fee for this transaction. | [optional]
**customer_reference** | Option<**String**> | The paysafecard customer reference either provided via the API or otherwise auto-generated by Mollie. | [optional]
**terminal_id** | Option<**String**> | The ID of the terminal device where the payment took place on. | [optional]
**masked_number** | Option<**String**> | The first 6 digits & last 4 digits of the customer's masked card number. | [optional]
**receipt** | Option<[**models::ListEntityPaymentDetailsReceipt**](ListEntityPaymentDetailsReceipt.md)> |  | [optional]
**creditor_identifier** | Option<**String**> | The creditor identifier indicates who is authorized to execute the payment. In this case, it is a reference to Mollie. | [optional]
**due_date** | Option<**chrono::NaiveDate**> | Estimated date the payment is debited from the customer's bank account, in YYYY-MM-DD format. | [optional]
**signature_date** | Option<**chrono::NaiveDate**> | Date the payment has been signed by the customer, in YYYY-MM-DD format. Only available if the payment has been signed. | [optional]
**bank_reason_code** | Option<**String**> | The official reason why this payment has failed. A detailed description of each reason is available on the website of the European Payments Council. | [optional]
**bank_reason** | Option<**String**> | A human-friendly description of the failure reason. | [optional]
**end_to_end_identifier** | Option<**String**> | The end-to-end identifier you provided in the batch file. | [optional]
**mandate_reference** | Option<**String**> | The mandate reference you provided in the batch file. | [optional]
**batch_reference** | Option<**String**> | The batch reference you provided in the batch file. | [optional]
**file_reference** | Option<**String**> | The file reference you provided in the batch file. | [optional]
**qr_code** | Option<[**models::EntityPaymentDetailsQrCode**](EntityPaymentDetailsQrCode.md)> |  | [optional]
**voucher_number** | Option<**String**> | For payments with gift cards: the masked gift card number of the first gift card applied to the payment. | [optional]
**giftcards** | Option<**Vec<std::collections::HashMap<String, serde_json::Value>>**> | An array of detail objects for each gift card that was used on this payment, if any. | [optional]
**issuer** | Option<**String**> | For payments with vouchers: the brand name of the first voucher applied. | [optional]
**vouchers** | Option<**Vec<std::collections::HashMap<String, serde_json::Value>>**> | An array of detail objects for each voucher that was used on this payment, if any. | [optional]
**remainder_amount** | Option<[**models::Amount**](Amount.md)> | An amount object for the amount that remained after all gift cards or vouchers were applied. | [optional]
**remainder_method** | Option<**String**> | The payment method used to pay the remainder amount, after all gift cards or vouchers were applied. | [optional]
**remainder_details** | Option<**std::collections::HashMap<String, serde_json::Value>**> | Optional include. The full payment method details of the remainder payment. | [optional]
**multibanco_reference** | Option<**String**> | Multibanco payment reference of the transaction | [optional]
**multibanco_entity** | Option<**String**> | Multibanco entity reference of the transaction | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


